# Candidate Elimination Algorithm with Streamlit

## Description
This Streamlit application implements the Candidate Elimination algorithm, a machine learning algorithm used for concept learning in the context of supervised learning. The algorithm is demonstrated using a simple dataset uploaded by the user in CSV format.

## Features
- Allows users to upload their own training data in CSV format.
- Implements the Candidate Elimination algorithm to generate the final hypotheses.
- Displays the final specific and general hypotheses.

## Preview

### Deployed Application
You can access the deployed Streamlit application [here](https://ee4rrder5vaxgyzb2vjf4h.streamlit.app/).

## Usage
1. **Upload Training Data**: Click on the "Upload Training Data" section on the sidebar and choose a CSV file containing the training data.
2. **View Training Data**: Once uploaded, the application displays the uploaded training data.
3. **Final Hypotheses**: After processing the data, the application presents the final specific and general hypotheses generated by the Candidate Elimination algorithm.

## Installation
To run the application locally, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Machine-Learning-AL3451-61-22-26-Sec-B/Tech-Tigers
```
2. Install the required dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the Streamlit application:
```bash
streamlit run cea.py
```

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and ensure the code is properly formatted.
4. Test your changes thoroughly.
5. Submit a pull request with a clear description of your changes.

Thank you for considering contributing to this project!

## Additional Resources

### Streamlit app
[Sample Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-hA7wJvHQpIye5pxC9UzpJkt_oA_4gbL/view?usp=drive_link)

### medium Blog
[Medium Blog Post](https://medium.com/@prabhuprabhakar647/title-a-case-study-of-the-candidate-elimination-algorithm-fff6a5f97ee9)

## Team name: xFactor
